README.md, before:

# fingreen-data
Data pipelines &amp; analyses for the FINGREEN macroeconomic model

## Basics

The repo should be self-contained - meaning everything needed to run any data creation script should be included in the repo.

## Naming conventions

Use only lowcase and `-` as a delimiter in all file names.

Source data files: use the `source-data` subfolder and then the corresponding FINGREEN excel file and excel sheet as subfolder names for any source data needed by your scripts. Example: `source-data/inputs-economy/beta-elasticities/beta-elasticities-italy.csv`.

R files: use structure `{excel-file}-{excel-sheet}.R`, so eg. R script producing the beta elasticities used in the FINGREEN InputsEconomy excel on the beta_elasticities sheet should be named `inputs-economy-beta-elasticities.R`.

Graphs: use the `graphs` subfolder and then the corresponding FINGREEN excel file and excel sheet as subfolder names for any graph results produced by your scripts. Example: `graphs/inputs-economy/beta-elasticities/my-informative-plot.jpeg`.

Result files like `.xlsx`: use the `results` subfolder and again the excel file and sheet as subfolder names for results producted by your scripts. Example: `results/inputs-economy/beta-elasticities/my-results.xlsx`

Both graphs and results are excluded from the repo in the .gitignore for now.

Commit message:

Feature/labour productivity (#2)
* update gitignore and readme

* reorganize fingreen-r-utils, add convert_data_from_euklem_to_fingreen_industry

* include .Rproj in repo

* add the labour productivity change calculations

README.md, after:

# fingreen-data
Data pipelines &amp; analyses for the FINGREEN macroeconomic model

## Basics

The repo should be self-contained - meaning everything needed to run any data creation script should be included in the repo.

## Naming conventions

Use only lowcase and `-` as a delimiter in all file names. Exception are source data files, that may be named similarly as in the source.

Source data files: use the `source-data` subfolder and then the corresponding FINGREEN excel file and excel sheet as subfolder names for any source data needed by your scripts. Example: `source-data/inputs-economy/beta-elasticities/beta-elasticities-italy.csv`.

R files: use structure `{excel-file}-{excel-sheet}.R`, so eg. R script producing the beta elasticities used in the FINGREEN InputsEconomy excel on the beta_elasticities sheet should be named `inputs-economy-beta-elasticities.R`.

Graphs: use the `graphs` subfolder and then the corresponding FINGREEN excel file and excel sheet as subfolder names for any graph results produced by your scripts. Example: `graphs/inputs-economy/beta-elasticities/my-informative-plot.jpeg`.

Result files like `.xlsx`: use the `results` subfolder and again the excel file and sheet as subfolder names for results producted by your scripts. Example: `results/inputs-economy/beta-elasticities/my-results.xlsx`

Queries into eg. StatFin database: use the `queries` subfolder and the same folder and file name structure as specified for graphs and results.

Source data: use the `source-data` subfolder and either a subfolder structure as specified above, or a subfolder (eg. `euklems`) according to the data source. The latter especially for data that may be used in calculations of multiple input sheet data.

Both graphs and results are excluded from the repo in the .gitignore for now. Source data files are also excluded by default, add manually with `git add` if tracking is needed.
